Questions that are coming in around,
one is
your plans for snowpack or
thoughts on snowpack and spelled.
>> Yeah, yeah.
So that's happening.
Luke Edwards on the core team has
been investigating snowpack and
Veit a lot recently.
And I think we're gonna have some, well so
there's already an official spell
integration that Snowpack provide.
And I think we're gonna have an official
Veit integration pretty soon.
So that is something that I'm really
looking forward to cuz that is to
me the next evolution of of
how we build better apps.
>> Another question is with,
if you have an existing framework,
existing website, and you just wanna put
spelt into one component on the page,
what's the best way to to build
a bundle into your existing app?
>> So in the same way that in the main
section of the workshop when we built
the Kamiya Parison game,
we had in our main.js you
imported app.spelt and
then rendered it inside document.body.
You can render inside any element at all.
So you can just have an empty div and
render your application in there.
Or you can have some markup that's already
existing and you can hydrate that markup.
Doesn't matter if the markup was
generated by smell in the first place,
it will hydrate anything that it sees.
So is pretty flexible in
terms of allowing you to
to put components inside
non-spelt controlled pages.
And in that way it's a pretty easy
option for incrementally adopting.
So we'd love for you all to get more
involved with a small community.
Stop by our discord server and
spell.dev/chat.
Visit spell society on Twitter.
Spell societies our global
network of meetups.
And that's our workshop.
Thank you so much for being here.
Thank you to the virtual
classroom on Zoom, and
see all the intermediate
workshop on Frontend Masters.